Hello. My name is Noah Gift and I'm the founder of Pragmatic AI Labs.
I wrote the book, Pragmatic AI: An Introduction
to Cloud-Based Machine Learning,
as well as the book, Python for DevOps by O'Reilly.
I lecture at Northwestern,
UC Berkeley, and UC Davis.
Today, I'm going to discuss using Docker format containers.
Let's get started.
Docker containers are a really powerful concept.
What they are is serverless technology that enables you to
do a different level of abstraction that you're used to doing normally.
In a nutshell, what is a container? Why would I use it?
Well, it's just like a virtual machine.
But in the case of a container,
it's a single purpose.
It also allows you to package code in all of the dependencies in one bundle.
Another feature of containers is that they take up less space
than a virtual machine.
So a virtual machine could let's say take a gigabytes of space.
A container can take a let's say a 100 megabytes of space.
One other distinction between a container and a virtual machine is
that multiple virtual machines can run on the same local host.
So in the case of a virtual machine,
that's really dedicated to a particular instance.
Maybe you can run a couple.
But in the case of containers,
you could run many many different containers
because of the size and also how lightweight they are.
Containers are really about having many apps running on one host versus
one virtual machine or one host that runs in application in the pre-Cloud era.
Additionally, containers are portable.
So what this does is it allows an app to move from one host to
another host and that abstraction is basically hidden away from the developer.
Another thing that's interesting about containers is that they're
more flexible abstractions than virtual machines.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6